>> Kent C. Dodds: So let's go ahead,
and I'll work through this solution.
We've got our test running and
we've switched to the exercise version.
So what's failing right now is
getTogglerProps isn't defined.
We're not passing it from our
getStateAndHelpers function.
So let's go ahead and define it.
And this is, [COUGH] sorry,
it's going to be a function so, [SOUND.
And actually I'm gonna
extract it from this and
getStateAndHelpers just
to keep it separate.
So we'll say this.getTogglerProps and
we'll put it right here,
it's going to accept props.
As we see in our usage here, we have some
props that we wanna play to the button,
so we gonna accept those props.
And the first thing that we wanna do is
make sure we return object that has all
those props.
And so, if you passes an ID, I don't care.
You want that ID,
that's fine, I don't care.
But I'm gonna pull off a couple
things I do care about.
So I'm gonna actually
gonna destructure this and
pull out everything else that
I'm not pulling off myself.
So some things I do
care about are onClick.
It's actually the only one I care about.
And in this case,
instead of the onClick that you provide,
I'm gonna provide my own,
onClick is a function.
And this thing is going to call their
onClick with all the arguments,
args onClick args.
And then it's also going
to call this.toggle.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And
not always will onClick be provided.
So let's do onClick.
This is one case where I'm cool doing just
ampersand, ampersand, cuz, I don't know.
I don't know why I'm cool with that,
but I like it.
>> off screen male: [LAUGH]
>> Kent C. Dodds: So this.toggle.
What is happening to, wait.
[SOUND] So the problem is this
is not bound to anything.
But I mean, arrow function
>> Kent C. Dodds: [SOUND] What is wrong?
Sorry, I'm gonna have to cheat.
Sorry, sorry, sorry, don't look at me.
Yeah, I just, that's weird.
Sorry, I just write it a little
bit less or more terse.
I'm not sure why that's
any different though.
>> off screen male: It's
probably cuz it's a class method.
Yeah.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Wait, what?
>> off screen male: Yeah, that's it.
It's not a bound function.
>> Kent C. Dodds: You're right,
you're right, you're right, thank you.
>> Kent C. Dodds: [SOUND] Thank you so
much.
So actually we're missing something,
we also need aria-expanded.
So that's my bad,
cuz that should throw an error.
But yeah, so that's the basic idea.
It's kind of annoying
to have to write this,
especially if you have several of those.
So I have a little utility that I
have in downshift, this callAll.
Which is kind of hard to say, but
it accepts any number of functions and
returns a function which accepts
any number of arguments.
And then for each of the functions,
it's going to call it if it
exists with all those arguments.
So effectively, it's the exact same
thing as this, except made generic.
So we'll just say callAll, this.toggle and
onClick, and that works just the same.
This is really handy and now we don't
actually need the toggle props anymore.
And they can just do that.
We could even simplify this further,
which is what I do in the final
example that you'll be working with.
It's implicit return I think.
>> Kent C. Dodds: All right.
Yeah, Mark?
>> off screen male: Adrian has a nitpick.
Shouldn't we toggle first in case
the given function blows up?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Shouldn't
we toggle first?
Good question.
So before, in my first example,
it was onClick was called first and
then this.toggle was called.
And Adrian is asking, so
what if this onClick function blows up?
Now our toggle function won't be called.
Yeah, that's true.
If the onClick function blows
up then we can't really
reasonably rely on the state
of the world anymore anyway.
And so,
I wouldn't concern myself with that.
If you want to,
you could add a tri catch to this.
But if something unexpected happens,
then updating the state
probably will still
have unexpected results anyway,
so it's not worth the concern.
Also, I prefer to do my own work
internally before I let other
people operate, so
that's why I have toggle before onClick.
I can't really justify that though,
so it is what it is.
[LAUGH] It's just personal preference.
Actually I sort of can, so in downshift,
we don't have an exercise for this.
But what if I don't want
the built in onClick to fire.
Well, in downshift you can add like
monkey patcher property onto the event.
That's called disable downshifts default
or built in, or some weird thing.
It's very edge casey.
But then,
I have this callAll event handlers and
it's not gonna call any additional event
handlers if that property is set to true.
So you can go look in the source code for
that.
It's pretty edge casey, but it's a useful
mechanism for people to hook in and
say given the state of my component,
I don't want you to do your normal thing.
We have other mechanisms to control state,
and
so that's one of the reasons why
I'm not showing you how to do that.
But that's something that
you could look into as well.
Another thing that we're not gonna cover,
but you might also consider is you
could create a button component
right here as a helper.
And then this could be responsible for
rendering your switch or
whatever, golly gee.
It could be responsible for
rendering a switch.
And then users here could pull out
the button and render that button.
And so, it could have all the props
be populated and everything else and
then they could add additional props.
The reason I don't like that is because I
like giving users complete control over
how they're rendering stuff.
And so, I feel like prop getters are a
pretty good way to give that freedom and
also have a pretty nice API.
But that's something else to consider.
You can really do just about anything
with the Render Prop API and
what you're passing to the consumer.
So let your imagination run wild and
do some fun things,
make mistakes, take chances,
and get messy, all that stuff.